add info to README (#1)
holepunchto/cmake-pear: README.md

# cmake-pear

> This repository contains essential CMake functions and modules to streamline the build process and packaging of Pear applications within the [bare-dev](https://github.com/holepunchto/bare-dev) development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

CMake functions to streamline the build process and packaging of Pear applications.
```

## API

> `add_pear_appling function`: Streamlines the process of defining and configuring  a new Pear appling. Takes care of:
> - Linking the code to the core Pear libraries.
> - Managing appling metadata (key, name, version, etc.).
> - Calling the appropriate platform-specific packaging functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### `add_pear_appling`

Defines and configures a new Pear appling. Takes care of:

- Linking the code to the core Pear libraries.
- Managing appling metadata (key, name, version, etc.).
- Calling the appropriate platform-specific packaging functions.
```

> ```c
> add_pear_appling(
> <target> 
> KEY <string> 
> NAME <string> 
> VERSION <string> 
> DESCRIPTION <string> 
> AUTHOR <string> 
> 
> # Optional parameters:
> [SPLASH <path>]
> [MACOS_ICON <path>]
> MACOS_CATEGORY <string>
> MACOS_IDENTIFIER <string>
> MACOS_SIGNING_IDENTITY <string>
> [MACOS_SIGNING_KEYCHAIN <string>]
> [MACOS_ENTITLEMENTS <entitlement...>]
> [WINDOWS_ICON <path>]
> WINDOWS_SIGNING_SUBJECT <string>
> WINDOWS_SIGNING_THUMBPRINT <string>
> [LINUX_ICON <path>]
> LINUX_CATEGORY <string>)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cmake
add_pear_appling(
  <target>
  KEY <string> 
  NAME <string> 
  VERSION <string> 
  DESCRIPTION <string> 
  AUTHOR <string> 
  [SPLASH <path>]
  [MACOS_ICON <path>]
  MACOS_CATEGORY <string>
  MACOS_IDENTIFIER <string>
  MACOS_SIGNING_IDENTITY <string>
  [MACOS_SIGNING_KEYCHAIN <string>]
  [MACOS_ENTITLEMENTS <entitlement...>]
  [WINDOWS_ICON <path>]
  WINDOWS_SIGNING_SUBJECT <string>
  WINDOWS_SIGNING_THUMBPRINT <string>
  [LINUX_ICON <path>]
  LINUX_CATEGORY <string>
)
```
```

### Options
#### Required Parameters
##### `<target>`
The name of the executable target that represents the Pear appling.\
Default  :

##### `KEY <string>`
A unique string identifier for the appling.\
Default  :

##### `NAME <string>`
The display name of the appling, shown to users.\
Default  :

> ##### `VERSION <string>` 
> The version of the Pear appling (e.g., "1.0.0").\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `DESCRIPTION <string>`
> A short description of the app's functionality.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `AUTHOR <string>`
> Author's name or the name of the organization creating the appling.\
> Default  :
> 
> #### Optional Parameters
> ##### `SPLASH <path>`
> The path to a splash screen image displayed during appling launch.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `MACOS_ICON <path>` 
> The path to the icon for the macOS app bundle.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `MACOS_CATEGORY <string>`
> The category for the app in the macOS App Store or Finder.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `MACOS_IDENTIFIER <string>`
> A unique bundle identifier for the macOS app.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `MACOS_SIGNING_IDENTITY <string>`
> macOS code signing identity (from a developer certificate).\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `MACOS_SIGNING_KEYCHAIN <string>` 
> The path to the keychain containing the signing identity.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `MACOS_ENTITLEMENTS <entitlement...>` 
> A list of macOS entitlements for special permissions.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `WINDOWS_ICON <path>` 
> The path to the icon for the Windows MSIX package.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `WINDOWS_SIGNING_SUBJECT <string>` 
> Subject name for Windows code signing.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `WINDOWS_SIGNING_THUMBPRINT <string>` 
> Thumbprint of the Windows code signing certificate.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `LINUX_ICON <path>` 
> Path to the icon for the Linux AppImage.\
> Default  :
> 
> ##### `LINUX_CATEGORY <string>` 
> The category for the app in Linux application menus.\
> Default  :

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### `<target>`

The name of the CMake target to create for the Pear appling.

##### `KEY <string>`

The key of the Pear appling.

##### `NAME <string>`

The name of the appling as presented to users.

##### `VERSION <string>` 

The semantic version of the Pear appling, e.g. "1.0.0".

##### `DESCRIPTION <string>`

A short description of the app's functionality.

##### `AUTHOR <string>`

Author's name or the name of the organization creating the appling.

##### `SPLASH <path>`

The path to a splash screen image displayed during appling launch. Defaults to `"assets/splash.png"`.

##### `MACOS_ICON <path>` 

The path to the icon for the macOS app bundle. Defaults to `"assets/darwin/icon.png"`.

##### `MACOS_CATEGORY <string>`

The category for the app in the macOS App Store or Finder.

##### `MACOS_IDENTIFIER <string>`

A unique bundle identifier for the macOS app.

##### `MACOS_SIGNING_IDENTITY <string>`

A macOS code signing identity string. Defaults to `"Apple Development"`.

##### `MACOS_SIGNING_KEYCHAIN <string>` 

The path to the keychain containing the signing identity.

##### `MACOS_ENTITLEMENTS <entitlement...>` 

A list of macOS entitlements for special permissions.

##### `WINDOWS_ICON <path>` 

The path to the icon for the Windows MSIX package. Defaults to `"assets/win32/icon.png"`.

##### `WINDOWS_SIGNING_SUBJECT <string>` 

Subject name for Windows code signing.

##### `WINDOWS_SIGNING_THUMBPRINT <string>` 

Thumbprint of the Windows code signing certificate.

##### `LINUX_ICON <path>` 

Path to the icon for the Linux AppImage. Defaults to `"assets/linux/icon.png"`.

##### `LINUX_CATEGORY <string>` 

The category for the app in Linux application menus.
```
